Add attribute for errata source based on Client OS (#5008)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_prerequisites-for-installing-errata-on-hosts.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Installing errata on hosts requires synchronized repositories, installable errata in the content view environment, registered hosts, and remote execution configuration.

ifdef::katello[]
* Repositories on {ProjectServer} are synchronized with the latest errata available from upstream.
endif::[]
ifdef::orcharhino[]

> * Repositories on {ProjectServer} are synchronized with the latest errata available from {client-errata-source}.

Reviewer: IMO a good use cases for an attribute is when the value varies across build targets. Have you considered simply doing this:

```suggestion
* Repositories on {ProjectServer} are synchronized with the latest errata available from ATIX Errata Service for Ubuntu.
```

rather than introducing the attribute?

(I know this is how we handle other attributes as well, but I'm curious about whether people really prefer it this way or not :) When an attribute is used for a single build target only, in my eyes it only adds complexity without much benefit.)

Author: The reason that I add an attribute is that I can overwrite it in downstream for all other Client OS, e.g. Debian with a similar value, "Red Hat" for RHEL Clients, or "SUSE" for SLES. In downstream, this module is built nine times: https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/sources/guides/ubuntu/managing_hosts/managing_packages.html#applying-errata-to-hosts-by-using-web-ui & https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/sources/guides/rocky_linux/managing_hosts/managing_packages.html#applying-errata-to-hosts-by-using-web-ui etc.

Do you think that I should add the same attribute for Katello and Satellite too? Or keep it as is?

Reviewer 2: I'm okay with having this attribute only where it's needed, ie. keeping it as is.

We have a ton of satellite-only attributes in the satellite build. I think we should grant orcharhino the same privilege :)

Reviewer: > We have a ton of satellite-only attributes in the satellite build.

Yes, and the overall attribute situations adds up to a bit of a mess that is being reported as a significant hurdle in onboarding. Having fewer of them would help, and a single-use attributes are IMO not a good use case for attributes.

Not a blocker for the PR, though, as expressed by my earlier ack, which still stands.
